# Demo

## Scripts

- Run `nx graph` to see a diagram of the dependencies of the projects.
- Run `nx build` to build project.
- Run `nx serve demoapp` for a dev server. Navigate to http://localhost:4200/. The app will automatically reload if you change any of the source files.
- Run `nx test` to run all test.
- Run `nx lint` to use Eslint.
- Run `pnpm run format:check` to use Prettier to do format check.
- Run `pnpm run format` to use Prettier to correct format.
- Run `nx e2e demoapp-e2e` to run E2E tests.

## Naming conventions

- Component: PascalCase

## Tech Stack

### NX

Nx is a smart, fast and extensible build system with first class monorepo support and powerful integrations.
✨ **This workspace has been generated by [Nx, a Smart, fast and extensible build system.](https://nx.dev)** ✨
We’re going to use Nx for this setup because it provides a series of advantages:

- support for multiple apps (we can easily add more apps to our workspace and share common logic)
- structure our code as workspace libraries, thus facilitating a cleaner architecture, code reuse and responsibility segregation
- improved build and test speed via Nx affected commands and computation caching
- out of the box support for code generation, Storybook and Cypress integration

### React

A JavaScript library for building user interfaces.

### Next.js

Next.js gives you the best developer experience with all the features you need for production: hybrid static & server rendering, TypeScript support, smart bundling, route pre-fetching, and more. No config needed.

### Emotion

Emotion is a library designed for writing css styles with JavaScript. It provides powerful and predictable style composition in addition to a great developer experience with features such as source maps, labels, and testing utilities. Both string and object styles are supported.

## Project structure

```
demo/
├── apps/
├── libs/
├── tools/
├── nx.json
├── package.json
└── tsconfig.base.json
```

/apps/ contains the application projects. This is the main entry point for a runnable application. We recommend keeping applications as light-weight as possible, with all the heavy lifting being done by libraries that are imported by each application.

/libs/ contains the library projects. There are many kinds of libraries, and each library defines its own external API so that boundaries between libraries remain clear.

/tools/ contains scripts that act on your code base. This could be database scripts, local executors, or local generators.

/nx.json configures the Nx CLI itself. It tells Nx what needs to be cached, how to run tasks etc.

/tsconfig.base.json sets up the global TypeScript settings and creates aliases for each library to aid when creating TS/JS imports.
